filter out away users when picking random user (#13638)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_4_0.md

#### Scripts
##### AssignAnalystToIncident

> - Filter out away users when using random owner assign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to exclude users who are currently set to `away` when using random owner assign.
```
